nicesources.md, before:

# Nice sources

https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-642-49321-8_15 paywall look who cite him
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20868697 paywall
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1703.06746.pdf simple multivalued logic
http://www.cs.columbia.edu/4761/notes07/chapter7.3-regulation.pdf just nice for me, it seems like AND/OR can be seen as inhibiting an edge
https://hal.inria.fr/inria-00072606/document cooperative integrations, negative and als minimum
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/M_Kaufman/publication/225890380_Dynamical_behaviour_of_biological_regulatory_networks-I_Biological_role_of_feedback_loops_and_practical_use_of_the_concept_of_the_loop-characteristic_state/links/554211ec0cf224a89a3335bd/Dynamical-behaviour-of-biological-regulatory-networks-I-Biological-role-of-feedback-loops-and-practical-use-of-the-concept-of-the-loop-characteristic-state.pdf multivalued strength of interaction EN SELF LOOPS ZIE IK


MINIMUM BIOLOGISCH TE ONDERBOUWEN
OMLAAG GAAN ZONDER ZELFVERSTERKING BIOLOGISCH TE ONDERBOUWEN, DECAY
HOEVEEL LAAT EEN + VAN EEN 2 EEN 0 OMHOOG GAAN?


IN STUK LITERATURE WAAROP IK MODELBOUW BASEER
https://bmcbioinformatics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1471-2105-7-S1-S7 zowel ER als BA is OK
http://home.himolde.no/~molka/in765/NetworkBio_Nature-Rev-Genetics-2004.pdf Barabasi claims BA
Small size, dus alles is eigenlijk wel ok
http://www.ibt.unam.mx/~erueda/Curso_IBT_2011/ng1340.pdf scalefree transcription factors produced, dus outgoing connections? PLUS k a bit over 2

Commit message:

Worked away some points, both in the code and in LaTex

nicesources.md, after:

# Nice sources

IN STUK LITERATURE BESCHRIJVEN DAT WAT LOGISCHE DESIGNKEUZES ZIJN

https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-642-49321-8_15 paywall look who cite him
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20868697 paywall
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1703.06746.pdf simple multivalued logic
http://www.cs.columbia.edu/4761/notes07/chapter7.3-regulation.pdf just nice for me, it seems like AND/OR can be seen as inhibiting an edge
https://hal.inria.fr/inria-00072606/document cooperative integrations, negative and als minimum
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/M_Kaufman/publication/225890380_Dynamical_behaviour_of_biological_regulatory_networks-I_Biological_role_of_feedback_loops_and_practical_use_of_the_concept_of_the_loop-characteristic_state/links/554211ec0cf224a89a3335bd/Dynamical-behaviour-of-biological-regulatory-networks-I-Biological-role-of-feedback-loops-and-practical-use-of-the-concept-of-the-loop-characteristic-state.pdf multivalued strength of interaction EN SELF LOOPS ZIE IK


MINIMUM BIOLOGISCH TE ONDERBOUWEN
OMLAAG GAAN ZONDER ZELFVERSTERKING BIOLOGISCH TE ONDERBOUWEN, DECAY
HOEVEEL LAAT EEN + VAN EEN 2 EEN 0 OMHOOG GAAN?


IN STUK LITERATURE WAAROP IK MODELBOUW BASEER
https://bmcbioinformatics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1471-2105-7-S1-S7 zowel ER als BA is OK
http://home.himolde.no/~molka/in765/NetworkBio_Nature-Rev-Genetics-2004.pdf Barabasi claims BA
Small size, dus alles is eigenlijk wel ok
http://www.ibt.unam.mx/~erueda/Curso_IBT_2011/ng1340.pdf scalefree transcription factors produced, dus outgoing connections? PLUS k a bit over 2

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_network classic boolean network has with self things has no 
https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1407/1407.6117.pdf self links always work!
	negative self-links make little sense, but I guess it can do something in some cases (2+ and a - from itself makes +)
	
	
We decided on an indegree between 2 and 4, which seems typical for the smaller GRN networks \cite{lahdesmaki2003learning}.

In general, the indegree of individual genes is low as well, meaning hub formation as in Barabasi-Albers networks is atypical.
The Boolean function often consists predominantly of simple relations, such as gene A downregulates gene B \cite{lahdesmaki2003learning, schlitt2007current}.
